nrf_modem: doc: add note about leading whitespace characters (#1378)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_modem/doc/at_interface.rst

   The filter uses the callback of the first match found in the filter list.
   Hence, make sure to keep the filters accurately or order them accordingly.

.. note::

>    The custom AT command filter is compared against the start of the AT command string sent to the
>    Modem library. Therefore, make sure to strip any leading whitespace characters in the AT command
>    string before calling the :c:func:`nrf_modem_at_cmd` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The custom AT command filter is compared against the start of the AT command string sent to the
   Modem library. 
   Therefore, you must make sure to remove any leading whitespace characters in the AT command
   string before calling the :c:func:`nrf_modem_at_cmd` function.
```

>    string before calling the :c:func:`nrf_modem_at_cmd` function..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   string before calling the :c:func:`nrf_modem_at_cmd` function.
```
